- [Instructor] Writing good tests can be considered
an art that is hard to master,
but the good news is that the mechanics supporting it
are easy to learn.
In this lesson, we're going to create our first application,
called Students Service, and explore the powerful set
of Spring Boot's including libraries
that make our tests straightforward and easy to implement.
Creating Spring Boot applications can be done in many ways,
but one of the easiest is to head off to start.spring.io.
This is the initializer web application
where we can choose many of the options
that we will use to create our first application,
called Student Service.
We can leave most of default options,
like using Maven Project, Java as our language,
and latent Spring Boot dependency.
Now, we are going to populate the group.
Let's use com.linkedin.
As an artifact, we need to set it to Student Service.
Leave the packaging as a .jar,
since with this option we have the benefit
of embedded Tomcat, which we will need
considering we are building REST service.
As the Java version, we will choose the latest Java 15.
However, examples are also compatible from Java 11,
which provides long-term support.
In the dependencies we will bring Lombok,
which makes Java less cluttered with code.
We're going to add Spring Web, Spring Data GPA Support,
embedded H2 database, and contract verifier.
Click on Generate.
Let's open the Download directory,
unzip the generated project, and open it in the IDE,
either from terminal or from Java IDE.
I'm using IntelliJ IDEA,
which comes with a useful set of plugins
for Spring Boot projects.
Immediately after opening the project,
IntelliJ will pull all the Maven dependencies.
Make sure that you have the correct Java version installed.
You can check it by opening File, Project Structure.
Under Project SDK, you should see Java 15.
As we can see, this is a fresh Spring Boot application,
which comes out of the box with Spring Boot Test Support.
It provides a number of utilities and annotations
to help when testing your application.
These are the libraries we are going to use,
JUnit5, the de facto standard
for unit testing Java applications,
SpringBootTest Utilities and Integration Test Support
for Spring Boot applications,
Mockito, a Java mocking framework, AssertJ fluent API,
JSON Assert, an assertion library for JSON,
and JSONPath, Xpath for J--